Lean-to that can be used for sleeping, will speed up time and increase recovery rate

"Back" equipment slot -- first item will be a backpack that adds 3 extra slots, but they will appear above your hotbar, so if you want to access them you'll have to manually drag them down into your hotbar

Bones

Tanning leather

Random structures -- start with an abandoned camp that has a lean-to, unlit campfire, and some leftover supplies

New burning system -- fires won't heat up immediately, different fuels burn at different temperatures, moisture will actually do something

More animals -- boar, lynx, auroch

Infection

Clothing and armor

Fix melee slots not working in multiplayer

Recruiting wandering humans to join your party -- when you have at least 2 people in your party, you'll be able to see the status of all your characters on the right, your character is special and will always be first and have a little crown icon, the rest will be listed and you can see an overview of them and be able to switch who you're controlling by clicking them. You can also move forward with . and back with , and using ctrl + 1 would pick the 1st guy, ctrl + 2 would pick the 2nd guy, and so on. By default everyone will follow the person you are controlling. We'll implement stuff like orders and automation later on. Your party members should try to attack mobs that either you attack or they attack you. They'll use the same melee_slots behavior as enemies that attack the player.

Rock types -- more than pebble vs flint (obsidian, quartz, basalt, sandstone). Different knap feel / quality, some better for blades, some blunt for plant stuff. Later gate for tools a pebble shouldn't make.

Hand-axe and cleaver -- later knapped tools, not day-one. Choppers stay the way you get wood. Hand-axe = biface, general-purpose; cleaver = big-game processing. Needs better stone and a harder silhouette so they don't fall out of a messy pebble.

Mode 3 blades -- prepared-core / long flakes (at least twice as long as wide). Further down than hand-axes.

Fishing

Burials / ritual -- early spiritualism, much later